Before beginning this course,
you should have some basic cyber security knowledge.
In particular, you should have a general understanding of security controls,
what they are, the different categories of controls and where and how they're applied.
We won't be spending a lot of time talking about security control specifically.
But understanding the function will help you work through various examples.
Now in addition, you should have a high level understanding of how businesses operate.
Because we do talk throughout the course about
engaging with various levels of the business,
supporting business goals, and the roles of various business and IT stakeholders.